and hi everyone again my name is Jose
Knight off sales leasing consultant here
at Phillips Chevrolet in Frankfurt and
we did a demo drive on the 2014 Chevy
Sonic limited edition magenta color this
is a very incredible color ah it's a
limited edition it's going all the way
until the end of October so if you want
one of these if you like magenta I wish
I was in the Spelling Bee and I had to
go up there and spell it because I would
be like ma you know MA and then G ent
and then I'd probably get confused and
go ah and you'd be right
magenta get it but this is really a
special color and a special car we have
the moonroof on top we have the fog
lamps on the bottom this is a great
vehicle in terms of economy several of
Chevrolet has been doing a great job in
terms of working with families in terms
of like with the economy fitting for
people in here comfortably as you can
see we have 35 on the highway 28 overall
25 in the city I say to the grocery
store and back you know this is really
really nice I put a dealer plate on it
because I'm gonna probably take it for a
couple of drives myself this one just
got off the truck a couple days ago as
you can see here we have it has a lot of
space in the back a lot of space for
your groceries a lot of space for some
of your kids athletic gear so um this is
the hatchback we have the other vehicle
as well the doors very easy access they
also fold down the seats as such so you
even have more space so that's a great
convenience for a lot of folks you know
maybe you just have three people and you
need a little extra space you can go
that route you could pull just one of
the seats down or fold the other seat
and then just go that way
solid tires as always when you see this
little spongy
I kind of had to get used to it too it's
not on your car we pull them off
it means like we don't want any Nick's
or scratches on your door we care very
much about our customers here and we
cared a lot about the vehicle and its
performance and its appearance and when
we're talking about appearance we're
talking about here the limited-edition
magenta deep magenta metallic you could
see even the little sparkles see how it
sparkles in the magenta and what's
coming too and I want to let our clients
and consumers our valued customers know
is that we are going to have a cool blue
sonic coming out pretty soon and a
dragon green coming out I would say in
about two or three months so we have a
couple of other colors that Chevrolet is
introducing to its sonic line and this
deep magenta is a favorite of a lot of
folks um it's kind of I don't want to
say fuchsia it's one word it's a
beautiful magnificent magenta and you
could test drive it here at Philips
Chevrolet right on the corner of
LaGrange Road in route 30 come see me
Jos night up let's go for a test drive
we'll have a lot of fun